# Carbon-Sequestration-with-Machine-Learning


Environmental pollution has become a major concern for the present day life, and increasing to an alarmingly high rate in many places due to the effluents and harmful gases liberated from the industries, electronic equipments and vehicles.[1-3] A number of studies are being carried to address these issues.[4-5] India has a higher affect of at ~26.2% on health due to air pollution.

Trees are found to be the major source for the reduction of air pollution,[6-11] Among the various trees Neem (Azadirchta indica), Gulmohar (Delonix regia), Peepal (Ficus religiosa), Guava (Psidium guajava), Jacaranda (Jacaranda mimosifolia), Indian lilac (Lagerstroemia indica), etc are well know for their pollution reduction capabilities. The traditional ways of inserting leaves in boiled water, leaving it for some time and then using it for curing a number of illness is well known.

Carbon dioxide sequestration is an emerging field of research and a number of research activities were performed related to this.[11-16] Various geological storage methods are also used to capture and store CO2 for example , hydrate-based separations, ammine and ammonium absorption processes, molecular sieves. The change in pH and interactions of CO2 with water molecules during sequestration is studied to a large extent. 


Literature search suggests a number of emerging technologies for absorbing the smoke generated by various sources. However the absorbed smoke onto the polymers and other means. However non biodegradability becomes a major concern for human sustenance.
To our knowledge there are no studies related to the CO2 sequestration in water containing plant leaf extracts generated by a smoke absorber. This paves a way to purify the smoke absorbed air by natural means, and in turn reduces the pollution rate. 


The present study mainly focuses to understand the change in pH values while considering the extracts of Tulasi (Ocimum sanctum), Neem (Azadirachta indica), Guava (Psidium guajava), Peepal (Ficus religiosa) leaves and Turmeric (Curcuma longa). Assuming that the smoke generated from incense stick contains CO2 as the main component which results in change in the pH, we aimed to look at the pH of the solution containing the different samples considered for the study. Hence in the succeeding discussion CO2 is used instead of smoke. We aimed to look at the pH of the solution as the carbonic acid during CO2 sequestration results in the change in the pH of the solution. The sequestration of smoke in sample solutions trapped in the smoke absorber, generated from incense sticks, is studied. 
